chore(gh-pages): add site bug template (#640)
exadel-inc/esl: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/site-bug-report.md

---
name: "\U0001F41B Demo Site Bug"

> about: Create a bug found on ESL demo site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Create a bug found on the ESL demo site
```

title: "[\U0001F41B in gh-pages]:  ..."
labels: waits triage
assignees: ''

---

> **Describe the 🐛 bug found on demo page**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Describe the 🐛 bug found on a demo page**
```

> A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear and concise description of the error.
```

**Page(s)**

> Specefy the page url or urls where the bug was reproduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide the page url or urls where the bug was reproduced.
```

```suggestion
Specify the page url or urls where the bug was reproduced.
```

**Environment**
- OS: [e.g. OSX 10.13.4, Windows 10]
- Browser: [e.g. Chrome/87.0.4280.141]

**Screenshots**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain.

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen (or code).

**Possible Solution**

> <!--- Only if you have suggestions on a fix for the bug -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- Only if you have suggestions for fixing the bug -->
```
